welcome have a seat
whatever's going on you can tell me
that's what I'm here for
you're relatively new to the company I
mean I've been working here for nearly
two months did you're under a lot of
stress entry-level jobs in this industry
a tough right
long hours first one in last one out
good night you're smart you have to be
smart it's a tough job but I can see
that you've got what it takes I went
those new page before I got on a class
he promised the first day where we got
200k in two quiet nights maybe you could
put in a good word for you know how our
externally listen his schedule is
shifted to 7:00 p.m. work what is this a
turkey I said chicken there's a coal
leaning over
she's been here before a few times what
is it the wife say he's an important
meal so he's in the screening I
overreacted it was not my place to
question your decision I will not let
you down again
no he can always come to us right come
to us first okay
the last two checks don't have a name or
anything just a dollar mouth ignore it
okay and well you know what it's for I
wouldn't sit there never sit on the cash
here and here initial here sign there
do I need an owner or something do you
have a lawyer I was worried for this
girl oh I mean they were just like
laughing about it
can you deal with this hi why me
who is that about just waste of my time
[Music]
what can we do
about what
[Music]